oh dear oh dear is dance again there's a
cameraman in the tree all I'm trying to
do is little cooking sequence little
light lunch for some friends of mine I
know you expect to find me in the posh
restaurants and posh kitchens of fine
hotels but sometimes it's really nice to
come into a family and this what we've
done because the directors really
obsessed with architecture he chose this
house not because it's got a wonderful
kitchen in fact the kitchen isn't all
that good really but he loves the shape
of the whole building so here I am and
if it's not too much trouble for you
I've come out of the blinking tree and
coming from the kitchen
all right good soon a moment oh thank
you very much I'm cooking Sunday lunch
for my friends Michele and Ollie it's a
superb and classic Brittany dish chicken
roasted in cider
they've never heard of it typical isn't
it anyway client come here what we're
doing we're roasting a chicken I
explained in a second but I'm gonna
serve it with stuffed apples baked
apples stuffed with walnuts and raisins
okay you'll see all of this later on
that's one part of it I'm going to serve
a bit of vegetable of fresh artichoke
absolutely cleaned out just a heart and
the lovely little leaves and come over
here a bit Clive stuffed with what we
call as yard in here Tilly good which is
little peas lettuce carrots young baby
turnips and stuff like that and it'll be
sort of like this okay now you'll see
all this later cuz you know films very
very expensive and the directors much
happier taking pictures of houses and
architecture than cooking bits so it'll
be like that okay right while you were
playing in the garden I was busy in the
oven here come on down Clive and I've
got the chicken which is a free-range
actually return of them to free-range
farmers chickens roasting in butter on a
bed of chopped shallots and chopped
carrots and at this stage I need to put
some splendid Britany siding this will
help me to make a sauce later on of
cream cider and Calvados okay so that
must now go in the kitchen not the
kitchen is it for another three quarters
an hour or so something like that so if
you'd like to cut now turn round you'll
find on me and Michel busily preparing
the hors d'oeuvre
what are you actually making on me a
tuna fish salad with tuna sashimi no
onion onions souffle
cauliflowers come-come donut can cook up
all the way up to the goop wait please
reserve input it be neglect no
it's quite interesting here actually how
I think I'm always talking about the
cooking is a family affair
these two are cooking together they've
kept the kids up because they're two
noise in their soup over the camera
stuff but normally they'd be peeling
things and doing stuff as well that's
true isn't it and really like everybody
likes to cook in this house don't have a
lot of time so that's why usually that
you don't have anything else why are you
cooking langoustine for lunch because
the quickest middle you can find and I'm
very lazy and usually inviting me very
often we begin by langoustine the only
thing you have to know that you mustn't
give them to cook too long how long
exactly well you see yeah and you put
them in water boiling with some salt sea
salt
yes sea salt and then you wait the first
boiling and that's all this is because
if you leave them a little longer they
will be soft and not good to eat so you
you must stay on your language team
right just take a minute boom so that's
nice for me how long you'd like to spend
a lot of time in the kitchen don't you
well yes
usually about 10 minutes no we like to
eat but we don't have a lot of time to
make so usually all the family's coming
in the kitchen the same time while the
children are putting the table on I'm
doing something my husband is doing
something else and in ten minutes
everything is okay and that's because
you've got fine Britany fresh
ingredients yes that the idea because if
well as you see Henry's making sometimes
in summertime tuna fish salad because we
have a nice garden a lot of things are
coming from the garden it is not
expensive garage the matters of the
garden you color and things like that
langoustine are very fresh very easy to
cook so it can make very very nice meal
very easily who does the shopping in
this household well the one West I'm
useless Henry you say they're all
burning and there is Lorca sort of white
cream on it and then they're ready you
just stop then wait Barton
and it's ready
Henri's dropped bubu he hasn't got the
plate mother's going to be furious well
from its finish the mine is on top of
that while we think we do the - which
takes five minutes well two minutes not
know it's ready to eat because it's very
nice only if it is not cold it is much
much nicer when they are just cook okay
anyway the time has come for me to go
see my physic just one happy round of
langoustines I think I have got a carry
on cooking because there's wonderful
people don't get to eat unless I bring
in my fish just enjoy yourselves I'm
gonna do the hard work we let this
sequence with all the munching in the
crunching run on a bit because I was so
enjoying lunch
I completely forgot the camera and for a
while I really felt at home here and
that's what the French were all about
food his family and sharing this is a
little dish to enjoy enormously clive
have a look at that that is my sweated
labor this morning okay well they
we're needing langoustines the directors
been up trees I've actually been cooking
and what I want to do for the benefit of
everybody is just to recap on how this
was cooked okay is a simple roast
chicken on a bed of chopped Schlachter
onions and carrots roasted in butter
then I poured cider into it then it
cooked for about an hour then I put some
cored apples I stuffed with walnuts and
salt and sugars bake those in the oven
okay put them around the chicken and I
strained off all the liquid reduced it
mixed in some double cream and some
butter and strained it through a sieve
over the sauce and I made that myself
okay and even the Brittany people have
never even heard of this dish and it is
a classic Brittany dish here quite
simply some fresh vegetables stewed with
bacon carrots little turnips lettuce and
stuff like that in no water at all just
butter then filled into the cleaned out
shells of artichoke
so that's what I've done you can all
have a lovely time Bon Appetit he's
saying here it smells good let's hope it
tastes good usual doubting Thomas
routine anyway it was a success although
they'd never heard of my Brittany
chicken and cider dish Eric we finished
with cheese and the classic Tarte au
pomme it wasn't a difficult lunch to
cook just a harmonious may launch of
fresh produce and love young